HeeJin: I think it's very shocking makeup
(As you see, her makeup is stronger than usual!)
HeeJin: But it it's not even finished yet!
HeeJin: It will be stronger than now~
HeeJin: The concept is a cruel fairy tale.
HeeJin: So there is a black rabbit out there, not a white rabbit.
HeeJin: From now on you're GeomKki!
HeeJin: GeomKki?
(Do you remember HeeJin's nickname HeeKki?)
HeeJin: No, HeeKki. Because I'm HeeJin!
YeoJin: You were white rabbit but now...dark rabbit...what?
HeeJin: Raise the white flag! Raise the black flag!
(This is the black rabbit!)
HeeJin: I have to get close with this rabbit~
HeeJin: Because I will film my scene with him...
(She is trying hard even before the filming starts!)
HeeJin: Can I get close to this rabbit?
HeeJin: Hey... come to me~
Yves: That looks like a rabbit poop, right?
(The small black rabbit is so cute no matter what he does!)
HeeJin: Hey, cute~
HeeJin: Hi~